CI docs first cut (#10464)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/junit_upload.md

  unit-tests/junit-reports acceptance-tests/junit-reports e2e-tests/single-report.xml
```

`--service`
: The name of the service you're uploading JUnit XML reports for.<br>
**Default**: the `DD_SERVICE` environment variable value.

`--tags`
: An array of key-value pairs in the form `key:value`. This sets global tags applied to all spans. The resulting dictionary is merged with the content of the `DD_TAGS` environment variable. If a `key` appears both in `--tags` and `DD_TAGS`, the value in `DD_TAGS` takes precedence.

`--max-concurrency`
: The number of concurrent uploads to the API.<br>
**Default**: `20`

`--dry-run`
: Runs the command without the final upload step. All other checks are performed.<br>
**Default**: `false`

The positional arguments 
: The file paths or directories in which the JUnit XML reports are located. If you pass a directory, the CLI will look for all `.xml` files in it.

## Environment variables

Configure the `junit` command with following environment variables:

`DATADOG_API_KEY` (Required)
: API key used to authenticate the requests.

`DD_ENV`
: The environment you want your test results to appear in.

`DD_SERVICE`

> : If you haven't specified a service through `--service`, you can do it with this env var.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: If you haven't specified a service through `--service`, you can do it with this environment variable.
```

`DD_TAGS`
: Global tags to be applied to all spans in the format `key1:value1,key2:value2`. The resulting dictionary is merged with the content of the `--tags` parameter. If a `key` appears both in `--tags` and `DD_TAGS`, the value in `DD_TAGS` takes precedence.

`DATADOG_SITE`

> : The Datadog site to upload to, for example `datadoghq.com` or `datadoghq.eu`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The Datadog site to upload to. For example, `datadoghq.com` or `datadoghq.eu`.
```
